Link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/baoneal95/pen/xxVxwwN?editors=1000

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    Clearly describes the meaning to the browser and developer

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    To create structure for a website

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    Attributes provide additional information about elements and are specified in the start tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used for the title of your webpage and should only be used once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The img and a tags

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    The head tag is used for storing metadata

    7. What is an id?
    Used to point to a specific style declaration in a style sheet

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    All elements excluding <base> <head> <html> <meta> <script> <style> and <title>

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    Only once on a page

    10. What is a class?
    Used to point to a class name in a style sheet    

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    All elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    There is no limit

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Alternate info for an image if a user cannot view it

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #idName

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is a div that uses semantic html

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Styling your website

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id's are used only once and classes may be used multiple times
    id's would be used for identifying one element
    classes can be used to identify more than one

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .className

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
    p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    It is used to select a specific class under it's parent element

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Selects an element in a specific state like hover for example

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    uppercase, lowercase, and capatalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* Comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm; there is no warning when you delete

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    version control helps you keep up with all the changes you made to your project

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    any time you add a new feature

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push origin <branch-name>

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow
    fork
    add your TL as a collaberator
    git close <link to repo>
    git checkout -b "firstname-lastname"
    git add .
    git commit -m "changes made"
    git push origin <branch-name>
    submit pull request on GitHub and add TL as reviewer

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 